doc: fast_pair: Allow hiding UI indication (#7929)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added a workaround for nRF5340 revision 1 Errata 117.

* :ref:`peripheral_fast_pair` sample:

>   * Added possibility of toggling between show/hide UI indication Fast Pair advertising modes.

Reviewer: Too many nouns :)
```suggestion
  * Added possibility of toggling the advertising modes.
    You can now toggle between discoverable and not discoverable modes (with show UI and hide UI indications).
```

  * Added a workaround for nRF5340 revision 1 Errata 117.

* :ref:`peripheral_fast_pair` sample:

>   * Added possibility of toggling the advertising modes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe: `Added possibility of toggling between show and hide UI indication in Fast Pair not discoverable advertising.`

Reviewer 2: Toggling between discoverable and not discoverable advertising was introduced before.

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

>   * Added option to set hide UI indication flag in Fast Pair not discoverable advertising data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added option to set the flag for the hide UI indication in the Fast Pair not discoverable advertising data.
```

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

>   * Added option to set the flag for the hide UI indication in the Fast Pair not discoverable advertising data.

Reviewer 2: `Extended API to allow setting the flag ...`

Reviewer 2: `option` may seem like reference to Kconfig option which could be a bit confusing
